So we added the prop decorator
and this is one of the most common decorators you'll be using, besides the component decorator of course
because it allows you to communicate with your component from outside, through attributes or by directly
setting the properties.
One important note, when you do set the property as we did here in this line, you know this because I also
showed it the attribute didn't change,
right.
Just to show this again, I comment it in.
Now watch the attribute here on the right, as this changes too it changed, the title here
still is main menu.
Now if we wanted to reflect changes to the props, to the attribute, we can configure prop here by passing
a Javascript object and then we can set reflect to attr to true
and now this will have one important effect if we reload this,
you will see that on the right here, main menu also changed to it changed.
So now stencil adds some logic to the generated web component that will update the attribute whenever
the property changes
and this can of course be a desired behavior when you also interact with this attribute from outside
your component,
so from inside your main application script where you want to target all components that have a specific
attribute value or anything like that.